London is my see it's always gonna be my
see I'm working for Freddie Mays
Freddie Mays this very late the butcher
of my fur or a doe
a legend on your work from the you do
things Marla Minogue independent band
beautiful perfect
there we were suit it up and boat it up
with [ __ ] princes on a Sony birds
they're coming out me is I can't even
hear myself think
there's Matt John Billy Roland and mean
model you are still not melt our picture
of your tools I people I get distracted
no ambition don't like me
you know I can I said shut up no Lyman I
want flyers
what is it Jerry what sit there is gonna
watch a I'm electric on frightening on
terrible
someone gets in my way daddy look
you want a war look at my eyes I'll give
you all I'm gonna be number one
you ready number one